i remember mar-a-lago one time the
president was golfing
uh and i remember getting a call from uh
the situation room
saying that um there may be
a nuke headed to hawaii there's no
scenario i can imagine that is worse
than
a nuclear weapon being fired at the
united states right i mean we
ran over and interrupted his golf game
and um
and uh and and told him what we knew
uh immediately kind of you know raised
his blood pressure
and he said you know what do you mean is
it is there a nuclear weapon or isn't
there not a nuclear weapon
and uh and i didn't have an answer but i
remember looking at the
guy who always carries around the the
briefcase that has the nuclear codes and
launch button
uh always by the president that that
suitcase has never had to
be open and i just remember thinking you
know
could this be the time it was an
incredibly tense time
because north korea was acting
increasingly more belligerent
their nuclear program was growing
rocket man is on a suicide mission for
himself
we will have no choice but to totally
destroy
north korea and donald trump
threatens to wipe north korea off the
map
and then he makes this like almost on a
whim
i'll meet with the guy
and on june 12th in singapore
i'll be meeting with kim jong-un to
pursue
a future of peace and security for the
world for the whole world
north korea has been an avowed enemy of
the united states
you know for a half century more than a
half century so the
idea that donald trump and kim jong-un
would be having this meeting was just
unthinkable
and the pentagon's thing what what what
did he just say i i thought the whole
thing was a big mistake
he had an affinity for authoritarian
leaders
and you know he's a big guy likes being
with other big guys they do big guy
things
it was always worrying because in one of
those conversations there was
always the risk he would just give
something away gratuitously to show what
a big guy he was
first time an american president meets
the leader of north korea
there's a lot at stake there
i traveled with him to singapore
i could not believe what i was seeing
with my own eyes i mean
and then and then to see the two of them
come together
it was mind-blowing
i mean it was showmanship of the highest
order
all i can say is they want to make a
deal
that's what i do my whole life has been
deals i've done great at it
and i really believe a lot of great
things can happen
this is donald trump sending a message
to the political establishment at home
and internationally that there's a new
sheriff in town
and the presidency was
going to be show business
expect the unexpected